Privacy policy
Updated October 17, 2025
Protecting your privacy
This Privacy Policy explains how American Airlines, Inc. ("we," "us," "our," "American") collects, uses, shares, and protects information both in connection with American’s online and offline services, systems, websites, and apps that refer or link to this Privacy Policy (our "Services"), and as explained below, including without limitation, the collection and processing of personal information in connection with bookings and travel on American Airlines or flights operated by our regional carriers (for example, Envoy Air, Piedmont Airlines and PSA Airlines), as well as loyalty data collected and processed in connection with the AAdvantage® program. This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the way you interact with our Services or the type of device or other means you use to access our Services.

Generally, the “Services” covered by this Privacy Policy fall into one of three categories:

Services related to your reservations and travel, for bookings that include travel on American or that are made through an American owned and operated service (“Travel Services”)
Services related to memberships or programs that you enroll in or purchase benefits from, such as the AAdvantage® or AAdvantage Business™ loyalty programs, Admirals Club® memberships, or use of Buy, Gift, Transfer to purchase AAdvantage® miles (“Program Services”)
Services operated by American to enable you to interact with American, including the websites, mobile apps, and telephone and text messaging systems that enable you to access American’s Travel Services or Program Services (“Interactive Services”)
Some services or programs offered by American (such as SimplyMiles® or AAdvantage eShopping®) or by our business partners (such as our airline or credit card partners), may have additional privacy disclosures to help you understand the collection and use of your personal information under the terms of use of those programs. You will be provided notice of these additional privacy disclosures on the website or mobile app where you register for or use these services, or as otherwise directed by American or the business partner. Such disclosures should be read in addition to this Privacy Policy.

American reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated Policy here along with the date on which the Policy was changed. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that affect the way we collect, use and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by including a "NEWLY UPDATED" label with the "PRIVACY POLICY" link on aa.com for 30 days after material changes are made. This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any contractual rights or obligations.

 Information we collect and how we collect itExpand
When we use the term ‘personal information,’ we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with you, including the categories and specific types of information described in this Privacy Policy.

We collect and maintain personal information about you from many sources to understand and meet your needs, facilitate your travel, manage our business, and for other purposes disclosed to you. For example, we collect or receive personal information about you from:

You, when you voluntarily provide us with information, either directly or through third parties such as survey companies or social media networks
Entities involved in processing or fulfilling your transactions with us, such as payment processors, payment card issuers and networks, fraud detection and prevention services, and in-flight Wi-Fi providers
Our travel and loyalty business partners that you interact with as an American customer or loyalty member, such as travel agents, other airlines (e.g., code share and alliance partners), travel and hospitality service providers (e.g., transportation or tour operators), and other loyalty partners (e.g., our credit card partners)
Other third party sources, such as government and law enforcement agencies, based on their purposes for sharing personal information with American
If the information is to be collected directly from you, you may in some cases have the option to decline providing American that information. However, your choice to not provide information may impact your use of certain features or services. For example, if you decline to provide information required by law for us to transport you, you will not be able to board or travel on our aircraft.

We may link or combine information that we collect about you (such as linking your travel booking to your AAdvantage® account, or adding saved AAdvantage® account information to your booking). This may include information that we collect offline (such as in-person airport interactions), information we collect online (such as our website or mobile apps), and information that we get from third-party sources.

Travel Services
The personal information we collect about you when you search for, purchase, use, or manage your use of our Travel Services may include:

General information about you, including name, title, gender, date of birth, AAdvantage® account number, driver's license number, passport number, nationality, and country of residence
Contact information, including addresses and telephone numbers, email addresses, fax numbers, pager numbers, and social media handles
Booking and itinerary information:
American creates a record for each booking that involves travel on American Airlines, even if the ticket is sold under another airline’s booking code, including whether you booked your flight on aa.com or through another sales channel (such as a travel agency)
American will also collect information about changes to your booking, including a cancellation or failure to complete your travel, upgrades, your baggage requirements, airport disruption, and lost baggage
If you book travel for someone else, American may collect your billing information but may communicate with the passenger directly about their flight
Other information required to facilitate Travel Services, such as requests for assistance, dietary restrictions, interactions with staff and cabin crew, travel companion name(s), emergency contacts, photographs, information about your prior flights, and travel-related issues
Payment information, including credit or debit card number(s), associated billing address(es), and expiration date(s)
Health information, some examples of which include:
You have sought clearance from us to fly with a medical condition or device
You have otherwise chosen to provide such information to us or it has been passed onto us by a third party, such as the travel agent through which you made your booking or other entity, including information about whether you have symptoms of a communicable disease or virus (such as COVID-19), an appropriate vaccination, or a negative test result
Health information related to a medical emergency that occurs while traveling
Biometric information, such as a scan of your face, fingerprint, or other biometric identifiers, as disclosed to you when you participate in a biometric authentication program
Digital identity credentials, including credentials linked to vaccination status or negative test results that you provide for specific purposes, such as compliance with customs and immigration requirements during international travel or services in which you choose to participate
Business information, including corporate-contract, employer name, corporate affiliation, and AAdvantage Business™ account information when you use our Travel Services in connection with your employment or that are funded by your employer
Program Services
The personal information we collect about you when you enroll in, use, or manage your use of our Program Services may include:

Information you provide while enrolling, that you add and save to your membership account, or to access or use your account, including name, title, gender, date of birth, AAdvantage® account number, passport number, nationality, country of residence, booking or travel preferences, and contact information
Payment information, including credit or debit card number(s), associated billing address(es), and expiration date(s)
Information about your transactions and interactions with American, such as the number of miles and Loyalty Points earned for using our Travel Services, or the number of times you have used your Admirals Club® membership to access our clubs and lounges
Information about your transactions with our loyalty or business partners, such as another airline, hotel, car rental, or credit card company that you have provided your AAdvantage® account number for purposes of earning or redeeming miles or receiving loyalty benefits
Business information, including corporate-contract, employer name, corporate affiliation, and AAdvantage Business™ account information when you join a corporate Program Service such as AAdvantage Business™
Interactive Services
The personal information we collect about you during your use of our Interactive Services may include:

The information described above in “Travel Services” or “Program Services” when you use our Interactive Services to provide us this information
Technical information, including browser type, IP address, type of operating system, geolocation, the name of your internet service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our websites or other digital properties (as further described in the section titled “Automatically collected information (including cookies and geolocation)”)
The content of correspondence you send to us, including information provided via survey, focus group or other marketing research efforts, the content of emails or online customer service requests you send to us, the content of chat, text message, social media, or other communications with us, recordings of calls to our automated or live representative phone services, and our responses to you
 Sensitive personal informationExpand
To the extent that the personal information we collect constitutes sensitive personal information under applicable law, American will collect and process this sensitive personal information within the limits provided by applicable law. Where required by law, and where no other lawful bases exist for processing such data (such as to fulfill laws promoting a substantial public interest), American will seek your specific consent before processing sensitive personal information.

You may submit a request for services (such as a meal preference, or a request for wheelchair assistance) which is not sensitive personal information. American does not consider such data to reliably imply or suggest sensitive personal information.

In some instances, mobile devices or online services may offer you the choice of biometric identification such as fingerprint or facial recognition for enhanced security and convenience. Where possible, these security measures rely on your personal device’s own internal biometric management and secure storage, in which case American does not have access to any biometric information. You may contact your device’s biometric management creator (such as Apple or Google) for more information about their biometric security technology.

You may be offered opportunities to participate in programs that collect biometric information, which are offered to you in connection with your travel, but are not operated by American Airlines. For example, you may be offered the opportunity to participate in U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Biometric Exit program. When you choose to participate in these programs, your biometric information is not collected or stored by American, and we do not have access to or control of your biometric information. For information about these programs, please contact the agency or entity that operates the program.

C.B.P. Biometric Privacy Policy Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.

Data collected from other customers
When you provide information to us about your travel companions or other individuals (for example, when you make a booking that includes additional travelers), you confirm to us that you are acting on behalf of such individuals, and you have their permission to provide us their information for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not have their permission, you must not provide us with any personal information about these individuals.

If your travel companions or other individuals have questions about how their personal information will be processed by American, please refer them to this Privacy Policy.

 MinorsExpand
American does not knowingly collect personal information directly from children – persons under the age of 13, or another age if required by applicable law – other than when required to comply with the law or for safety and security reasons. Due to the nature of our Services, we may collect travel information, which may include personal information, about children when it is required to comply with the law, including federal aviation or security regulations, as otherwise required to provide transportation needs and services, or for safety or security reasons. We may retain personal information when required to provide transportation and related services to a child, or in connection with services purchased or enrolled by the parent or guardian on the child’s behalf (such as a parent or guardian’s enrollment of their child in the AAdvantage® program).

If you are not the parent or guardian of the child, or otherwise authorized by the child’s parent or guardian, you must not provide us with any personal information of the child.

If you are a parent or guardian of a child who has provided personal information without your knowledge and consent, you may request we remove this child’s information by emailing us at privacy@aa.com.

Email privacy@aa.com 

 Automatically collected information (including cookies and geolocation)Expand
When you use our Interactive Services, we may receive technical information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, your geolocation, the name of your internet service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited. American gets this information by using technologies, including cookies, web beacons, and mobile device geolocation to provide and improve our Interactive Services and advertising, including across browsers and devices (also known as cross-device linking). We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests and for reporting activity on our Interactive Services. For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our Interactive Services or which pages or features get the most attention. This technical information may be combined with information that is personally identifiable in order to personalize our Interactive Services and advertising to your interests, including across browsers and devices. For example, if you spend time reviewing a particular flight or destination but do not complete a travel reservation, we may use this information to show you targeted advertising about similar flights or destinations on our Interactive Services or on third-party websites. Some of this information may be shared with third parties, as described in the section titled “Information collected by third parties on our Services.”

Additionally, and with your specific consent where required by law, American may combine information we receive from you via the Interactive Services with information collected from other sources. This information may be used to provide offers and / or services specifically tailored to your interests in accordance with applicable laws.

 Cookies and online advertisingExpand
When you use our Interactive Services, we and third parties on our Interactive Services may automatically receive information using tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”). This information includes your browser type, IP address, type of operating system you use, the name of your internet service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our Interactive Services.

We use Cookies for a variety of reasons, including to provide and improve our Interactive Services and advertising and to show you advertising that is relevant to you, including across browsers and devices (also known as cross-device linking). Some Cookies are necessary to keep our Interactive Services secure. Others ensure you get a high-quality experience and receive relevant advertising.

Some of our Interactive Services include social network or other third-party plug-ins (such as Facebook’s "Like" button) that enable you to log in to certain Interactive Services, to comment on content available on our Interactive Services, and to share things you find on our Interactive Services with your social network. The providers of these plug-ins may be able to collect information about you even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget and regardless of whether you have an account or other relationship with these social networks and third parties. If you use social network tools or visit social networking sites, you should read their privacy disclosures to learn what information they collect, use, and share.

What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to a user’s browser from a website’s computers and stored on a user’s computer’s hard drive, tablet, or mobile device. The cookie stores a small amount of data on your device about your visit to the Interactive Services. Some Cookies are “session cookies,” which expire at the end of the browser session and can capture your activities during the browser session. Other Cookies are “persistent cookies” which remain on your device for the period specified in the Cookie and are able to capture your settings or activities on multiple websites.

Cookies allow websites to recognize your browser or device during your use of our Interactive Services and some Cookies also allow us to track your behavior when you use the services (e.g., websites or apps) of other entities.

Managing cookies Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.

What Cookies do we use?
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These Cookies enable you to use our Interactive Services. These Cookies are essential to enable you to browse our Interactive Services and use certain features you have specifically requested. These types of Cookies allow us to:

record that you are logged into your account;
record when you give consent to or opt out of our use of advertising or non-essential Cookies, when applicable;
enable you to use features that provide products and service to you and manage transactions, including enabling the Interactive Services you use to remember the items that you add to your shopping cart or the information you provided in forms;
display the product reviews that you submit to us; and
provide the necessary security the Interactive Services require, for example, to monitor traffic flow and visits in order to let us know of potential security threats (e.g., in case of unusually high or rapid traffic).
We want you to understand these essential Cookies, and why we use them, but your consent is not required for us to use them as we use these Cookies only as necessary to operate the Interactive Services. If you set your browser or device to reject essential Cookies, this may prevent you from using certain parts of the Interactive Services. For example, without these Cookies, services such as shopping activity and paying activity on our websites cannot be provided.

2. Functional Cookies:
These Cookies store information such as your preferred country and language selection, AAdvantage® login data, and website preferences. Without these Cookies, our Interactive Services may not be able to remember certain choices you've previously made (such as a saved country / language preference) or enhance your browsing experience by providing you with relevant information (such as saved reservation preferences or AAdvantage® award miles balance). These Cookies can recognize what browser or device you are using and what website you come from, and offer you a more personal experience so that you do not have to provide the same information more than once. We also use these Cookies to enable you to comment on a discussion in a forum, or to provide enhanced services such as enabling you to view a video on our website. Disabling these Cookies means that you will be asked to reenter this information every time you use our Interactive Services.

3. Performance Cookies:
These Cookies collect information about how you use our Interactive Services such as which pages you visit regularly. They allow us to understand:

which of our Interactive Services and their functions our customers use most often so that we can use this information to improve their functionality;
your preferences to ensure that more relevant content (including advertising content) is delivered to you;
website performance such as page load and site response times, in order to monitor, identify, and fix performance issues; and
if you get error messages.
4. Content / advertising Cookies:
These cookies gather information about your use of our Interactive Services so we may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising. They are also used to gather feedback on customer satisfaction through surveys. They remember that you've visited our Interactive Services and help us understand usage of our Interactive Services and tailor advertisements to you. These Cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Some of these Cookies are from third parties that collect information about users of our Interactive Services (as described in the section titled “Online behavioral advertising / interest-based advertising”) in order to provide advertising (on our Interactive Services and elsewhere) based on users’ online activities (so-called "interest-based advertising") on our Services and elsewhere online.

Online behavioral advertising / interest-based advertising
Online behavioral advertising, also known as interest-based advertising, is a way of serving advertisements on the websites you visit and making them more relevant to you and your interests. The third parties involved in interest-based advertising collect internet browsing information (e.g., websites visited, time of visit) across different websites and over time, and they may use the information they collect on our Interactive Services to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet. This may include information about you, such as travel destinations that you search for while using our Interactive Services. These third parties may use the information they collect on our Interactive Services to make predictions about your interests in order to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet (for example, travel products and services that are available at a destination you searched for online). Some of these third parties may participate in an industry organization that gives users the opportunity to opt out of receiving ads that are tailored based on online activities.

To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices, please opt out through the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative website and also through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. Your opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all cross-device linking for interest-based advertising. If you opt out, you will still receive ads but they may not be as relevant to you and your interests. American's websites do not honor web browsers' Do-Not-Track signals.

Digital Advertising Alliance Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Network Advertising Initiative Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
European visitors - Your online choices Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will no longer receive advertisements. Instead, the advertising you do see will likely be less relevant to your interests. Due to differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, you may need to take additional steps to disable targeted ad technologies in mobile apps. Many mobile devices allow you to opt out of targeted advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile settings. You also may uninstall our apps using the standard uninstall process available on your mobile device or app marketplace.

How to manage Cookies
If you do not wish to receive Cookies, you may set your browser to reject Cookies or to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device. You may also delete Cookies as soon as you leave our Interactive Services. Although you are not required to accept Cookies when you visit our Interactive Services, if you set your browser to reject Cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionalities of the Interactive Services.

For example, the Help portion of the toolbar on most web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to have the browser notify you when new Cookies are dropped, and how to entirely disable Cookies. With regard to some of the popular browsers you can find more information for:

Apple Safari Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Google Chrome Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Microsoft Edge Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Microsoft Internet Explorer Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Mozilla Firefox Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Opera Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
We may use Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics to aggregate and analyze data about your use of our Services.

Opt out of Adobe Analytics Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Opt out of Google Analytics Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Google privacy and terms Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
Where required by law, we will present you with a Cookie banner the first time you visit our Interactive Services that explains what type of Cookies we use and which asks for your consent for some of the Cookies we use. We may use Cookies to remember your consent preferences. These Cookies will periodically expire, or can be removed by clearing our Cookies from your browser. Once expired or removed, the next time you use the relevant Interactive Services, you will be shown the Cookie banner and be able to confirm or change your consent preferences.

 Information collected by third parties on our Interactive ServicesExpand
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Interactive Services may be provided by third parties, including third parties that are not affiliated with us. As noted above, these third parties may collect or receive technical information about your use of our Interactive Services, including through the use of Cookies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services. Also, some third parties collect information about users of our Interactive Services in order to provide interest-based advertising (on our Interactive Services and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices, also known as cross-device linking).

For example, we may use third parties to collect, and share with us, usage information about how you interact with our Interactive Services, including personal information that you provide, website or app visits and interactions, and user inputs such as mouse clicks or keystrokes.

 How your information will be usedExpand
Our Services
We use personal information to complete transactions and fulfill requests for our products and services. For example, we require you to provide personal information when making a reservation to purchase airline tickets or related products and services such as renting cars or booking hotel rooms through an American Airlines Reservations Agent, travel agent, the aa.com website or other travel-related website, or enrolling in the AAdvantage® and AAdvantage Business™ programs. We may also use personal information to verify your identity, including for security purposes.

In the event of a flight delay, cancellation, or other service disruption, we may use the contact information provided in your booking to notify you, and the individuals traveling on the same booking, about the disruption.

Fulfillment of contracts
When you enter into a contract for Travel Services or Program Services with American, we will use your personal information for purposes related to operation of the relevant program and the provision of services or benefits related to that contract. For example, when you join or participate in a Program Service such as the AAdvantage® program, your personal information is collected and used to process, confirm and fulfill transactions and provide benefits as specified in the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, and as otherwise necessary for American to exercise its rights under those terms and conditions. Similarly, when you book or reserve travel on one of our Travel Services, your personal information is collected, used, and processed in connection with the applicable conditions of carriage for your travel.

Use of our Interactive Services may be subject to contractual terms, such as the AA.com site usage terms. Information about contractual terms that apply to use of an Interactive Service, are made available through the Interactive Service.

aa.com site usage 

Administrative, marketing, analytical purposes
In addition to processing, confirming, and fulfilling the Travel Services or Program Services you request or use, and operating the Interactive Services that you choose to use, American may use personal information for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes such as employee training, information systems management, accounting, billing and audits, credit card processing and verification, customer-relations correspondence, and/or operation and improvement of our Services. American also uses personal information to identify, develop and market products and services that we believe our customers will value, including across browsers and devices, in accordance with applicable laws. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sending you communications for marketing purposes. More specifically, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:

Travel and program services
Safety and operations: To ensure the safety of our flights and the efficient and lawful transport of passengers and baggage
Personalized airport service: To provide personalized service, such as wheelchair assistance or access to our lounges; to check whether you have passed through airport security, whether you are on a connecting flight, and to contact you about boarding a flight, if you have not arrived at the gate; and to monitor where you are in the airport to assist you with flight connections and boarding our aircraft
Loyalty and program benefits: To validate your eligibility for loyalty or program benefits, such as priority boarding or lounge access; to offer or provide priority assistance or benefits based on your membership status or loyalty tier level; and to monitor your loyalty or program activity and customer satisfaction level
Interactive services
Business purposes and communication: To interact with you regarding our Travel Services or Program Services or to provide you information you requested, to communicate with you for business or customer service reasons (such as sending messages related to flight tracking or delays), or for other such reasons such as changes to our policies or in response to your inquiry
Tailored web experience: To personalize your advertising experience when visiting our sites, and to manage details about your Travel Service purchases (such as your American travel bookings and reservations) and Program Service accounts (such as an AAdvantage®, AAdvantage Business™, or AirPass℠ account), including when security updates are available, or when an action is required to keep an account active
Site maintenance: To improve content, functionality, and usability of our websites and digital properties and to offer opportunities to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us
All services
Financials transaction management: To facilitate payment for services or provide refunds
Legal and regulatory obligations: To comply with legal, regulatory, or fiscal obligations, or in connection with litigation or an internal investigation or audit
Improve and personalize our Services: To improve and personalize our Travel Services (such as route and service offerings as an airline operator, including reviewing our travel destinations, fare classes, and operations more generally), Program Services (such as loyalty program offerings, reward redemption rates, and benefits), and Interactive Services (such as website and mobile app use and reliability), as well as compiling statistics on international air traffic, loyalty activity, and revenue generation, and statistics to improve and personalize products and services
Marketing and analytics: To perform data analyses and other processing for marketing purposes, including to determine what services, applications, events, sweepstakes and special campaigns to offer, and to make specific offers to you
Security management: To secure American’s premises, assets, and information, and to test and evaluate the effectiveness of American’s security
Third party requests: To respond to and comply with outside requests initiated by you, as well as in response to legal requests
Audit and controls: To evaluate internal controls and audits for compliance (including those conducted by American’s internal and external audit service providers)
Video and audio recording
There are Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras in operation within and around our stations and other premises, our reservations and customer service telephone systems may record calls in accordance with applicable legal requirements, and we also keep logs or records of customer interactions on our digital Interactive Services. Such devices may be used for purposes that include:

to prevent and detect criminal, malicious, or fraudulent activity;
to protect the health and safety of American’s customers and employees;
to manage and protect American’s property and the property of American’s guests and other visitors; and
for quality assurance purposes
Where required by law, you will be provided notice at the time of any such recording.

 Data security and integrityExpand
We take reasonable measures to protect the personal information you provide to us.

American uses reasonable technical, administrative, and physical measures to protect your personal information from loss, interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it. We also maintain reasonable procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current. When your personal information is shared, American will take a reasonable approach to prevent the unauthorized use of personal information.

Please note, however, that while American attempts to safeguard your personal information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic information is ever completely secure, and thus we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that your information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

Here are some things you can do to keep your information secure.

Keep your confirmation code confidential:
When you make a booking, you will be given a 6-character confirmation code, also known as a Passenger Name Record (PNR). This will appear on the email confirmation or ticket of each person in your booking. You should keep your record locator confidential, as giving it to others may allow them to access your booking details through our systems. If you are traveling with others and do not want them to have access to your booking details, you should have each person make their own bookings.

Keep your AAdvantage® account number and login information confidential:
To make sure your access to our Services is secure; you should not share your log in details with anyone else. You should always log out of the Services after each use if others have access to your computer or device, especially if you are using a publicly accessible computer such as at a library or internet café. You should follow best practices for online security, such as using a different password for our Services than you do with other websites or services. American is not responsible if someone gains access to your accounts by obtaining your password.

 Data retention policyExpand
Your personal information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above and consistent with our retention policies, considering criteria such as applicable rules on statute of limitations, legal requirements and the duration of your use of our website and receipt of our Services. This retention will be at least for the duration of your customer relationship with us, and a longer period as necessary for legal defense purposes or as required by tax, aviation, and other applicable laws and regulations.

We generally retain personal information related to your use of our Travel Services or Program Services for up to seven years after you complete your travel or terminate your membership with us. This includes information obtained from your use of our Interactive Services (for example, when you book, manage, or cancel travel through our websites or mobile apps).

To the extent it is required to do so by law, American will permanently destroy any biometric data or identifiers in our possession once the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining them has been satisfied, or within three years of your last interaction with American, whichever comes first. This applies to any biometric identifiers or information received by American from any source, even if that source does not refer or link to this Privacy Policy.

 With whom your information will be sharedExpand
General
We may disclose or share information about you to provide the products and services you request or use, or for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes, including to:

third parties to distribute promotions, sweepstakes, marketing surveys and messages, focus groups, interviews and other opportunities offered by American;
third parties who have arranged for discounts, and pre-paid travel or other services on your behalf, such as your employer if your employer purchased your ticket, or a travel agent if you book through a travel agency;
American's group companies (including any entity that directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, American), for uses in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
other airlines and codeshare partners in order to fulfill your booking requests relating to your flights, or in order to offer or provide alliance or partner benefits such as airport lounge access, AAdvantage®status benefits, or the ability to earn and redeem miles with our partner airlines (you may have an independent relationship with the partner airline, and the partner airline is separately responsible for how they obtain and process your personal information);
How other airlines process your personal information Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.

hotels, car rental companies, or other travel industry partners in order to fulfill your booking requests relating to vacation packages or other travel services booked using our Services;
our credit card partners, in connection with the operation or marketing of AAdvantage® program related offerings or other joint business activities;
other third parties to provide the products and services you request or use, or for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes;
third parties such as government and law enforcement agencies when required by law (as further described in the section titled “Legal requirements”);
third-party vendors that assist American and its business partners with providing our respective programs and services, managing AAdvantage® program enrollments and partnerships (including AAdvantage® travel and co-brand partnerships), and administering benefits offered by us or our partners;
third parties that provide the ability to pay for or obtain services and products, such as payment processors, payment networks, and fraud detection and prevention services; and
another entity in the event of a bankruptcy, or as part of the due diligence or business integration process, in the event we undergo a business transition involving another company, such as a merger, corporate reorganization, acquisition, or lease or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
If you book travel using your employer's corporate account, authorize your employer to purchase or obtain benefits for you such as AAdvantage® status, or participate in a corporate travel program such as AAdvantage Business, your employer will have access to certain details related to your corporate travel, including the ticket price, travel dates, and your destination, and any AAdvantage® activity or benefits you use during your corporate travel. Your employer is independently responsible for how it collects and uses your personal information and informs you about it.

In addition, we may share information with certain third-party companies with which we have a business relationship, including our airline and credit card partners and AAdvantage® and AAdvantage Business participants. These companies may be separately responsible for how they process and use your personal information, which may include linking your AAdvantage® account or other information with the information they already have about you. These companies may send you marketing based on the information you have provided us. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sharing your personal information with such third parties for marketing purposes. Also, as described in the section titled “Opting out of marketing communications and sharing your information with third parties”, you can opt out of having your information shared with third parties for those parties' direct marketing purposes by emailing us at privacy@aa.com.

Email privacy@aa.com 

If your booking includes emergency contact information, we may share personal information with your emergency contact or attempt to collect information about you from your emergency contact, as appropriate based on the nature of the emergency.

AAdvantage® account login
For your convenience, we offer a single unified login across many of our Interactive Services. Our unified login may also be used to access websites or mobile apps owned and operated by our business partners. By using your AAdvantage® login on a business partner’s website or mobile app, you are linking your AAdvantage® account to your activity on their website or mobile app. This will allow the partner to access your AAdvantage® account information such as your name, contact information, mileage balance, and AAdvantage® status, and to share information with American for related purposes, such as earning or redeeming miles.

Legal requirements
Please note that the laws and regulations of several countries, including without limitation, the requirements imposed under the Transportation Security Administration Secure Flight program, require to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to the personal information you disclose to us and data that we have about you and your travel plans, history, or status, including both before and after a flight arrives. For example, American and other airlines comply with legal obligations in the United States (U.S.), United Kingdom (UK), member states of the European Union, Uruguay, Brazil (BR), and other countries to provide border control agencies and customs authorities with access to booking and travel data when you fly to and from such countries, including stopover or layover destinations or countries that you may overfly en route to your destination. American does not have control or knowledge of the storage and use of that data after it has been delivered to the respective government entity.

Learn more about the Secure Flight program Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.

We may participate in government programs to enhance the safety of our flights and expedite the efficient and lawful transport of passengers and baggage into or within the United States. For example, because United States law requires inspection of international arriving luggage before it can be placed on a connecting flight, we are participating in programs that provide origin airport luggage scans to authorities after departure. Luggage cleared prior to arrival can be transferred directly to the passenger’s connecting flight. You may have the right to opt-out of these programs by informing your origin airport prior to departure. However, if you opt out, you are still responsible for complying with law, which may require manually retrieving and rechecking your luggage upon arrival in the United States.

Further, to the extent required by law, we may disclose personal information to government or law enforcement agencies, such as customs and immigration authorities, or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process, and we may also use or disclose your information to law firms and courts, as permitted by law or to enforce or apply a contract with you.

We may also disclose your personal information to protect the rights or property of American and providers and users of our Services, including our employees and customers. For example, we may disclose personal data to law enforcement or first responders in connection with a medical emergency or incident, or to public health authorities for purposes of combating infectious disease.

 Links to other sitesExpand
We'd also like to remind you that we provide additional links to resources we think you'll find useful. These links will lead you to sites that are not affiliated with American and may operate under different privacy practices. Our visitors are responsible for reviewing the privacy policies for such other websites, as we have no control over information that is submitted to these companies.

 Opting out of marketing communicationsExpand
We provide you with options to stop receiving marketing messages from us. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you certain communications for transaction fulfillment, notifications of changes to our Services, and other operational purposes.

If you’re an AAdvantage® member and you want to opt out of receiving marketing emails, log in to your AAdvantage® profile and update your preferences, or contact AAdvantage® Customer Service. Please note, you’ll continue to receive AAdvantage® program updates and email products for which you’ve subscribed. If you’re an AAdvantage Business™ member and you want to opt out of marketing emails, log in to the AAdvantage Business™ website and update your preferences.

Log in to your AAdvantage® profile and manage your email preferences 
Contact AAdvantage® Customer Service 
Update your AAdvantage Business™ preferences Opens another site in a new window that may not meet accessibility guidelines.
If you’re not an AAdvantage® program member or you want to opt out of marketing emails, you can click the opt-out or unsubscribe link in the marketing email you receive to manage your marketing preferences. You can also send an email from the email address you wish to unsubscribe with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line to privacy@aa.com. When you do this, we will unsubscribe all users with the same email address, even if they are registered AAdvantage® members or AAdvantage Business™ members with registered preferences.

We may send you marketing offers through other channels. For example, we may offer you the opportunity to receive push notifications of special offers through our mobile app. Where required by law or by mobile app store rules, we will obtain your consent prior to sending you such marketing. You can manage push notifications in our mobile app or in your device notification settings.

If you have any other questions about opting out of marketing communications, or managing your marketing preferences, please email privacy@aa.com with your request.

Email privacy@aa.com 

 Opting out of sharing your information with third partiesExpand
If you want American to stop sharing your personal information with third parties for those parties' own purposes such as to market their own products and services to you, please opt out of third-party data sharing.

Opt out of third-party data sharing 

If you are an AAdvantage® member and you want to opt out of data sharing, please log in to your AAdvantage® profile and update your data sharing preferences, or contact AAdvantage® Customer Service.

Log in to your AAdvantage® profile and manage your email preferences 

Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to share your information with third parties for joint activity purposes, including administrative, transactional, and analytical purposes. For example, we may share your personal information with companies or programs of American partners (such as other airlines, hotels, rental car companies, co-brand credit card partners, and other AAdvantage® program participating companies) when you provide the partner with your AAdvantage® number, log into your AAdvantage® account on their website or mobile app, or request to earn or redeem AAdvantage® miles for their services. These other companies have their own business relationships with you, and may require different steps to change your preferences for participation. Please consult the privacy policies of the relevant companies or programs for further information.

When you use our Interactive Services, you may receive Cookies from us and the third parties that collect information on our Interactive Services. Please see the “Cookies and online advertising” section above for additional details, including information about how to manage Cookies on your browsers or devices.

 Application of local lawsExpand
Where required by local law, you may have the right to access, request a copy of, update, transfer or port, restrict the processing of, or request that we delete your personal information. You may also have the right to object to our processing of your personal information. To exercise these rights please email us at privacy@aa.com. When we receive a request to exercise one of these rights, we will indicate what personal information we require from you to validate your identity. We will also provide information on the action we intend to take on the request without undue delay and no later than 30 days from receipt of the request, or within a shorter period of time where required by local law. This time may be extended by an additional two months in certain circumstances, for example, where requests are complex or onerous. Please note, these requests are subject to applicable legal, ethical reporting, or document retention obligations imposed on us.

Email privacy@aa.com 

When you provide us with your information, you acknowledge that this information may be stored, transferred, and processed on servers located anywhere in the world, including either inside or outside of the U.S., the European Union, the U.K., Switzerland, Uruguay, or Brazil.

 Users from BrazilThis content can be expanded
 Users from ChinaThis content can be expanded
 Users from ColombiaThis content can be expanded
 Users from EcuadorThis content can be expanded
 Users from the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, or UruguayThis content can be expanded
 Users from PeruThis content can be expanded
 Users from South KoreaThis content can be expanded
Contact us
If you have other questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, or if you wish to issue a request to exercise your rights where applicable by law, please contact our Privacy Office at privacy@aa.com. Requests intended for American’s Chief Privacy Officer may also be submitted to our Privacy Office at the same address. Please provide your name and contact information along with the request. Alternatively, inquiries may be mailed to the following address:

American Airlines
c/o Privacy Office
1 Skyview Drive, MD 8B503
Fort Worth, TX 76155 USA