Hotels logo

Shop travel
Open app

USD
US
List your property
Support
Trips
Sign in
Browse Policies
Vrbo terms
Privacy Statement
Cookie Statement
How we order search results
Content Guidelines
Intellectual property infringement complaints and forms
One Key terms
pdf
TERMS OF SERVICE
Last revised: 09-04-2025
Hello and welcome! We are glad that you are taking the time to read these terms of service (the “Terms”).
These Terms are important as they, together with your booking confirmation email (the “Booking Confirmation”), set out the legal terms on which Travel Services are made available to you through our Service. They also cover any interactions or communications you have with us through our Service.
Your use of our Service is subject to these Terms and it is a condition of using our Service that you accept these Terms. To book a Travel Service, you must also accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, then please do not use our Service or book a Travel Service.
We may make changes to these Terms by updating them at any time and your continued use of our Service after any changes come into effect will constitute your acceptance of the updated Terms. Any existing bookings will continue to be governed by the Terms that applied to your booking when the booking was made. We recommend that you save or print a copy of these Terms.
Section 15 (Disputes and arbitration) below contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that apply to all claims brought against us in the United States. Please read them carefully.
In these Terms:
“we", “us” or “our” refer to Expedia, Inc., a Washington corporation, having its registered office at 1111 Expedia Group Way W, Seattle, WA 98119, USA, which provides our Service
"Content” refers to all text, descriptions, reviews, photographs, images, videos, software, and other content submitted to our Service
“our Group of Companies” refers to us, and our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates
“our Service” refers to the provision of our websites, apps and online tools
“Travel Provider” refers to the travel supplier making available the Travel Services to you through our Service
“Travel Services” refers to the travel services made available to you by the relevant Travel Provider(s) through our Service, such as stays at a property or car rental.
“you” refers to you, the person using our Service.
Please read these Terms carefully.
Section 1 Rules and Restrictions
As well as these Terms, other terms and conditions provided by Travel Providers (such as a property’s terms and conditions or a car rental company’s rental agreement) also apply to your booking (“Rules and Restrictions”).
To make a booking, you must accept the Rules and Restrictions of the Travel Provider that you select (such as payment of due amounts, cancellation policies, refundability, availability restrictions and use of fares or services, etc.). The relevant Rules and Restrictions are provided to you before you make a booking and are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
If you violate a Travel Provider's Rules and Restrictions, your booking may be cancelled and you may be denied access to the relevant Travel Service. You may also lose any money paid for such booking, depending on the Travel Provider's Rules and Restrictions.
Section 2 Using our Service
Our rules
We provide our Service to help you find information about Travel Services and to assist you in booking those Travel Services. It is provided to you for no other purpose.
You agree that:
you will only use our Service for personal and non-commercial purposes
you must be at least 18 years of age and have the legal authority to enter into contracts
you will use our Service lawfully and in compliance with these Terms
all information supplied by you is true, accurate, current and complete
if you book on behalf of others:
you will obtain their authorization prior to acting on their behalf
you will inform them about the terms that apply to the booking (including the Rules and Restrictions) and ensure that they agree to, and will comply with, such terms, and
you will be responsible for paying any amounts due, for making any change/cancellation requests and for all other matters relating to the booking.
You also agree not to:
make any false or fraudulent booking
access, monitor or copy any content on our Service using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on our Service or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to our Service
take any action that imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or large load on our infrastructure
deep link to any part of our Service
“frame”, “mirror” or otherwise incorporate any part of our Service into any other website.
Access
We may, acting reasonably, deny anyone access to our Service (or any other sites, apps, tools and services you have access to under your Expedia Group Account, as defined below) at any time for any valid reason. We may also make improvements and changes to our Service at any time.
Account
To make use of all the features available on our Service, you will need to create an account with us (or create an Expedia Group Account, as defined below) and sign in to it.
To create an account, you must be at least 18 years of age and follow the account creation instructions provided through our Service.
If you have an account with us, you must:
safeguard your account information
be responsible for any use of your account by you or others (even those transactions that you did not intend to be performed)
notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account, and
provide us with all necessary information, to the extent required for us to comply with our legal obligations.
The account you create on our Service also allows you to access other sites, apps, tools and services offered by members of our Group of Companies (including Expedia and Vrbo) using the same account credentials, in addition to our Service (an “Expedia Group Account"). Please note that when using your Expedia Group Account, the relevant terms of service displayed on the sites, apps, tools and services that you are using will govern your use of them.
For information on how to delete your account, sign into your account on our Service and follow the applicable account deletion process or search here. For further information about your privacy rights (such as deletion or access), please see our Privacy Statement.
How we order your search results
There are many travel options available through our Service and we want to make your search results as relevant as possible. At the search results page you will see our default sort order, however you can select how to sort your results and also use filter options to prioritise results based on your chosen preferences, for example price, guest review score, or other criteria. You can learn more on how we order search results here.
Within your search results we also sometimes display travel options that are paid-for commercial listings from our Travel Providers. Such travel options are clearly labelled for your information as “Ad” or similar equivalent labelling, to differentiate them from other travel options.
Redirection and third-party booking services
If you are redirected from our Service to a third-party booking service (such as for car rental) to make a travel booking, please bear in mind that any bookings made through such a booking service will be with the third-party and not with us. We are not responsible for bookings made through third-party booking services and we have no liability to you in respect of such a booking. The terms and conditions of the third-party service provider will set out what rights you have against them and will explain their liability to you.
Section 3 Confirming a booking
Your Booking Confirmation includes the essential elements of your booking, such as the description of the Travel Service(s) booked and the price.
We will send your Booking Confirmation and any relevant travel documents to the email address you provide when you book. If you do not receive your Booking Confirmation within 24 hours of making your booking, please contact us.
Section 4 Payment
Price
The price of the Travel Service(s) will be as displayed on our Service, except in cases of obvious error.
Prices for Travel Services are dynamic and can change at any time. Price changes will not affect bookings already accepted, except in cases of obvious error. We display many Travel Services, and we try hard to ensure that the displayed price is accurate. We reserve the right to correct any pricing errors on our Service.
If there is an obvious error and you have made a booking, we will offer you the opportunity to keep your booking by paying the correct price or we will cancel your booking without penalty. We have no obligation to make available Travel Services to you at an incorrect (lower) price even after you have been sent a Booking Confirmation, if the error should reasonably have been apparent to you.
Taxes
The prices displayed through our Service may include taxes or tax recovery charges. Such taxes or tax recovery charges may include amounts associated with value-added tax, goods and services tax, sales tax, occupancy tax and other taxes of a similar nature.
Taxes or tax recovery charges are generally calculated or estimated on the prices displayed through our Service before any discounts (including those funded by us), coupons and loyalty rewards that may be applicable to your booking, unless those discounts, coupons and loyalty rewards are considered as a reduction in price for the purposes of calculating or estimating taxes in the relevant jurisdiction for the booking.
You acknowledge that except as provided below with respect to tax obligations on the amounts received from you, including facilitation fees and service fees where applicable in accordance with Section 6A (Stays) below, our Group of Companies does not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The tax recovery charges on Pay Now bookings are a recovery of the estimated taxes that our Group of Companies pay to the Travel Provider for taxes due on the services provided by the Travel Provider (such as for the rental rate for the room). The Travel Providers are responsible for remitting applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. Taxability and the appropriate tax rate vary greatly by jurisdiction. The actual amounts paid by our Group of Companies to the Travel Providers may vary from the tax recovery charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the time of the actual use of the services provided by the Travel Provider.
Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on the amounts that our Group of Companies charge for services they provide (service fee and/or facilitation fee) in certain jurisdictions. The actual amount imposed on services provided by our Group of Companies may vary depending on the rates in effect at the time the services are provided by the Travel Provider. In certain jurisdictions, our Group of Companies are responsible for collecting and remitting sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes for the entire price, including the amounts we charge for our services as well as the Travel Services provided by the Travel Provider.
In certain jurisdictions, you may be responsible for paying local taxes imposed by local tax authorities (such as city taxes or tourist taxes, etc.). Our Group of Companies or the Travel Provider may charge you such local taxes. Our Group of Companies will notify you of any local taxes that will be payable by you before you complete your booking, where such taxes have been notified to our Group of Companies by the Travel Provider.
The amount of local taxes can change between the booking date and stay date. If taxes have changed by your stay date, you may be liable to pay taxes at the higher rate.
Payment processing
When payment is taken at the time of your booking and paid for in the local currency of our Service (as relevant), the company taking that payment (via third-party payment processors) and charging your payment method will be the company set out next to the relevant location of our Service in the table below.
Location
Our company taking your payment
Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bulgaria, China, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Morocco, Netherlands, Norway, Oman, Qatar, Philippines, Portugal, Romania, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Vietnam
Travel Partner Exchange S.L.
Australia
Travelscape, LLC. a company registered in Australia
Brazil
Expedia do Brasil Agência de Viagens e Turismo Ltda.
Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Panama, Peru, Venezuela
Travelscape, LLC.
Canada
TPX Travel Canada ULC
Hong Kong
Travel Partner Exchange Hong Kong Limited
India
Hotels.com India Private Limited, Travel Partner Exchange Singapore Pte. Ltd. or Travel Partner Exchange S.L.
Japan
Travel Partner Exchange Japan KK
Mexico
Expedia Mexico, S de R. L. de C.V.
New Zealand
Travel Partner Exchange New Zealand Ltd.
Singapore
Travel Partner Exchange Singapore Pte. Ltd.
South Korea
Travel Partner Exchange Korea Co., Ltd.
Switzerland
Travel Partner Exchange Switzerland Limited
United Kingdom
Travel Partner Exchange UK Limited
United States
Travelscape, LLC.
Notwithstanding the governing law and jurisdiction paragraph in Section 16 (General) of these Terms, where one of our companies (as set out in the table above) takes your payment (via third-party payment processors) and charges your payment method, the law governing that payment transaction will be the laws of the location of such company.
Our Privacy Statement provides information on how we use your payment and account information when you elect for us to store a credit or debit card or other payment method for future use.
Payment verification
You authorize the relevant company (as set out in the table above) or the Travel Provider to:
verify your payment method by obtaining a pre-authorization, charging a nominal fee or through other verification means, and
on verification, charge your payment method.
Fees charged by banks
Some banks and card issuers impose fees for international or cross-border transactions. For example, if you make a booking using a card issued in a different country from the Travel Provider’s location or you choose to transact in a currency that is different from the local currency of our Service, your card issuer may charge you an international or cross-border transaction fee.
Also, some banks and card issuers impose fees for currency conversion. For example, if you make a booking in a currency different to the currency of your credit card, your card issuer may convert the booking amount to the currency of your credit card and charge you a conversion fee.
If you have any questions about these fees or the exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank or card issuer. Our Group of Companies is not associated or responsible for any fees relating to varying exchange rates and card issuer fees.
Currency conversion
Any currency conversion rates displayed on our Service are based on public sources and current exchange rates, which may vary between the time a booking is made and the time of travel. Such rates are provided for information purposes only and, while we seek to provide information that is correct, our Group of Companies does not guarantee the accuracy of such conversion rates because they are not within our control.
Alternative payment methods
We may work with providers of alternative payment methods (such as consumer finance companies), to provide our travelers with alternative payment methods. Our Group of Companies does not endorse or recommend any alternative payment provider or their products or services. Our Group of Companies is not responsible for the content or the acts or omissions of any alternative payment provider. Your use of any such provider’s payment method is at your own risk and will be governed by such provider’s terms and policies.
Fraud
If a booking or account shows, in our reasonable view, signs of fraud, abuse, association with a government-sanctioned person or entity, or other suspicious activity, we may request additional information from you.
If we reasonably conclude that a booking or account is associated with fraud, abuse, a government-sanctioned person or entity or suspicious activity, we may:
cancel any bookings associated with your name, email address or account
close any associated accounts, and
take legal action, including to seek to hold you liable for any loss.
Please contact us about the cancellation of a booking or closing of an account.
Section 5 Cancelling or changing a booking
Cancellation or change by you
Cancellations or changes (with respect to the travel date, destination, place where the trip starts, property or means of transport) to a booking can be made by contacting us.
You do not have an automatic right to cancel or change a booking unless allowed by the relevant Travel Provider under their Rules and Restrictions (which are provided to you before you make a booking).
Travel Providers may charge you fees for cancelling (in full or part) or changing a booking. Such fees will be set out in the Rules and Restrictions. You agree to pay any charges that you incur. Please be aware that for changes, the price of your new arrangements will be based on the applicable price at the time you ask us to make the change. This price may not be the same as when you originally booked the Travel Services. Prices tend to increase the closer to the departure date that the change is made.
Please read the relevant Rules and Restrictions, so you know which terms apply to your booking. For example:
if you book a stay at a property and you do not cancel or change your booking before the relevant cancellation policy period, you may be subject to the cancellation or change charges as shown in the relevant Rules and Restrictions
some properties do not permit cancellations of, or changes to, bookings after they are made
if you make a Pay Later booking and you do not show up or cancel the booking, the property may impose a no-show or cancellation charge as shown in the relevant Rules and Restrictions and you will be charged the property's no-show or cancellation charge, and
if you do not show up or fail to use some or all of the Travel Services booked, refunds may only be due to you in line with the relevant Rules and Restrictions.
If you want to cancel or change any part of a booking and such cancellation or change is allowed by the relevant Travel Provider, then, in addition to any charges imposed by the Travel Provider, we may also charge you an administration fee. If such an administration fee applies, it will be notified to you before you agree to proceed with the change/cancellation.
Other cancellation or change
We (and the relevant Travel Provider) may cancel your booking if full payment for the booking, or any applicable cancellation/change charge or fee relating to a booking is not received when due.
For a variety of reasons (such as a property is overbooked due to connectivity issues or a property is closed due to a hurricane, etc.), it is possible that a booking may be cancelled or changed by the Travel Provider or us. If this happens, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you as soon as possible and offer alternative options/assistance where possible or a refund.
Refund
Any refunds will be transferred back to you to the payment method you used to make the original booking. Such refunds will be made by the party that took your original payment. We do not have visibility of a Travel Provider’s refund process. Our fees are not refundable unless this is stated otherwise during the booking process.
Section 6 Travel Service specific terms
This Section provides details of the terms relevant to the specific Travel Services provided by the Travel Provider. These details are not exhaustive and do not replace the relevant Rules and Restrictions, which are provided to you before you make a booking.
Each Travel Service is subject to the relevant Rules and Restrictions of the Travel Provider. Please also read this Section which will also apply to your booking as applicable. If there is any inconsistency between this Section and the relevant Rules and Restrictions, the relevant Rules and Restrictions prevail.
A. Stays
Our Service may provide you with the option to Pay Now or Pay Later. Room rates (including any applicable taxes and fees) are displayed to you through our Service under the Pay Now and Pay Later payment options. Please note that taxes and fees may vary depending on which payment option you choose. Tax rates and foreign exchange rates may change in the time between booking and your stay.
Pay Now
If you select the Pay Now payment option, the relevant company (as set out in Section 4 (Payment)) typically will charge the booking amount to your payment method on booking.
Our Group of Companies facilitate bookings made available through our Service. You acknowledge that our Group of Companies facilitate such bookings for a consideration (the “facilitation fee”). The room rate displayed through our Service is a combination of the amount charged by the Travel Provider (for their services for the rental of the room) and the facilitation fee (charged and retained by our Group of Companies). Our Group of Companies may also charge and retain separate service fees as additional compensation in servicing your booking, which may vary based on the amount and type of booking.
You agree that your payment method will be charged by our Group of Companies for the total booking amount, which includes the room rate displayed through our Service, plus tax recovery charges and service fees or, where applicable, taxes on the room rate and/or services provided by our Group of Companies. On making your booking request you authorize our Group of Companies to facilitate the booking on your behalf, including making payment arrangements with Travel Providers.
Pay Later
If you select the Pay Later payment option, the Travel Provider typically will charge your payment method in the local currency at the time of your stay or as otherwise notified to you during the booking process.
Deposit
Some Travel Providers require a payment card or cash deposit at check-in to cover extra expenses incurred during your stay. Such deposit is not related to any payment received by the relevant company (as set out in Section 4 (Payment)) for your booking.
First night no-show
If you do not show for the first night of your stay booking, but plan to check in for the subsequent nights, please confirm this with us before the original check-in date. If you do not confirm this, then your whole booking may be cancelled. Refunds for no-shows will only be due to you in line with the relevant Rules and Restrictions of the property.
Group bookings
You may not book more than 8 rooms through our Service for the same property for the same stay dates. If you book more than 8 rooms in separate bookings, we may cancel your bookings. We may also charge you a cancellation fee and if you paid a non-refundable deposit, such deposit may be forfeited. If you want to book more than 8 rooms then please book through the “Groups and Meetings” section via our Service. You may be asked to sign a written contract or pay a non-refundable deposit.
Ratings
Ratings shown through our Service indicate what you might expect from properties displaying that rating level, including (where applicable) through local and national star rating organizations. These may differ from standards in your own country. Site displayed ratings do not represent or promise any particular feature or amenity. Additional information is available in the “Overview” or “Amenities” section of the property details page. These guidelines are subject to change, and our Group of Companies cannot guarantee the accuracy of any specific rating displayed from time to time through our Service.
Meals
If meals are part of your stay booking, the number of meals included depends on the number of nights of your stay. Full board normally includes breakfast, lunch and dinner. Half board normally includes breakfast and either lunch or dinner. No refunds will be available if one or more meals are not consumed.
B. Vrbo Vacation Rentals
When you book a vacation rental property distributed through our Service from Vrbo or one of the Vrbo brands (Stayz, Bookabach, FeWo Direkt and Abritel), referred to as a “Vrbo Vacation Rental”, these Terms apply to your use of our Service, but the Vrbo terms and conditions we present to you during the booking process apply to your payment and booking of the Vrbo Vacation Rental.
C. Cars
Payment
For certain bookings, payment for your car rental booking may be charged by the Travel Provider, not our Group of Companies.
When you collect your rental car, you/the driver must present your/their valid credit card. You must check with the Travel Provider which credit cards they accept. Debit cards are not accepted. The Travel Provider may submit an authorization request to your credit card issuer during the rental period by way of a deposit. You/the driver should ensure you have a sufficient credit limit for this purpose. Some larger car types may require two credit cards.
If you do not follow the above rules, the Travel Provider may not make the vehicle available to you and you may, subject to the Rules and Restrictions, be required to pay an amount up to the full price of car rental Travel Services.
Supplements
Extra charges may be payable by you locally to the Travel Provider. For example, these charges may cover refuelling, snow tyres, additional driver charges, young driver surcharges, child seats and delivery and collection fees, etc. We and the Travel Provider are not responsible for paying such extra charges. Requests for optional extras (such as child seats) cannot be guaranteed as they are subject to availability.
An insurance excess amount may be applicable in the event of theft of, or damage to, the rental car and payable by you to the Travel Provider. This will vary depending on the Travel Provider and rental country. Purchase of optional extra insurance coverage by you locally can remove/reduce the applicable excess. We and the Travel Provider are not responsible for any excess payable or the provision of extra insurance coverage.
Fuel is not usually included in the rental price. In some countries, some Travel Providers may charge you for refuelling when the vehicle is returned. Unless agreed otherwise, you must return the rental car to the same branch of the Travel Provider from which it was collected.
Collection and use of rental cars
Drivers must usually be aged between 21 and 75, although this can vary depending on the relevant Travel Provider and rental country. You are responsible for checking this with the Travel Provider. Extra charges may apply if a driver is aged below 25 or over 70.
When you collect your rental car, you/the driver must present your/their full valid driving license for the category of vehicle rented. International rentals may have different driving license requirements. Please check what exact documentation is required by the Travel Provider. For example, if the drivers' license is not in the Roman alphabet, an international driving license is required and, if picking up the vehicle in an EU country, an international driving license is required for those whose driving license is not issued in the EU. Extra documentation, such as a passport or up to two forms of proof of name and address, may also be required.
Typically, you will not be permitted to take your rental car outside of the rental country, or on ferries, and additional restrictions may apply.
Cancellation of bookings and unused rental days
No refunds will be offered on bookings cancelled within 6 hours of collection time or for any unused rental days.
Section 7 International travel
International travel
Although most travel occurs without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve more risk than others. You must review any travel warnings/advice, etc. issued by the relevant governments before you book international travel. You should also monitor such travel warnings/advice during travel and before your return journey to help avoid and minimise any potential disruptions.
Health
You should check the recommended inoculations/vaccinations which may change at any time. You should consult your doctor before you depart. You are responsible for ensuring that you:
meet all health entry requirements
receive the relevant/required inoculations/vaccinations
take all recommended medication, and
follow all medical advice in relation to your travel.
Passport and visa
You must consult the relevant Embassy or Consulate for passport and visa information. Requirements may change so check for up-to-date information before booking and departure and allow sufficient time for all relevant applications.
Our Group of Companies is not liable if you are refused entry onto a flight or cruise ship (if applicable) or into any country, due to your conduct, including your failure to carry the correct and adequate travel documents required by any Travel Provider, authority or country (including countries you are transiting through). This includes all stops made by an aircraft or a cruise ship (if applicable), even if you do not leave the aircraft or airport or cruise ship.
Some governments require airlines to provide personal information about all travelers on their aircraft. If applicable, the data will be collected either at the airport when you check in or in some circumstances when you make your booking. Please contact the relevant airline you are travelling with if you have any questions about this.
Our Group of Companies does not represent or warrant that travel to international destinations is advisable or without risk and is not liable for damages or losses that may result from travel to such destinations.
Section 8 Liability
Our liability
We own and operate our Service and the Travel Providers provide the Travel Services to you.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, our Group of Companies accepts no liability for:
any such Travel Services that the Travel Providers make available to you
the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties or negligence of any such Travel Providers, or
any personal injuries, death, property damage or other damages or expenses resulting from the above.
The Travel Providers provide us with information describing the Travel Services. This information includes Travel Service details, photos, rates and the relevant Rules and Restrictions, etc. We display this information through our Service. The Travel Providers are responsible for ensuring that such information is accurate, complete and up to date. Our Group of Companies will not be liable for any inaccuracies in such information, unless and only if our Group of Companies directly caused such inaccuracies (and this also includes property ratings which are intended as guidance only and may not be an official rating). Our Group of Companies makes no guarantees about the availability of specific Travel Services.
Photos and illustrations on our Service are provided as a guide to show you the level and type of accommodation only.
For more information about the content displayed on our Service, please visit the Content Guidelines.
Our Service, including all information, content, services, functions made available on or accessed through our Service, is provided “as is”.
To the maximum extent permitted by law and except as expressly set out in these Terms, all information, software, content, services, functions, Travel Services displayed or made available through our Service, or any products or services or hypertext links to third parties, or the transmission of sensitive information through our Service or any linked site, are provided without any express warranty or condition of any kind.
The display of Travel Services through our Service is not an endorsement or recommendation of such Travel Services by our Group of Companies
Our Group of Companies disclaims, to the maximum extent permitted by law, all warranties and conditions that:
our Service, its servers or any email sent from our Group of Companies are free of viruses or other harmful components, and/or
any materials or content contained in our Service, its servers or any email sent from our Group of Companies will be uninterrupted or error free or that defects will be corrected.
To the maximum extent permitted by law and subject to the limitations in these Terms, our Group of Companies will not be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages arising from:
the Travel Services,
the use of our Service,
any delay or inability to use our Service, or
your use of links from our Service,
whether based in negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes, or otherwise, and even if our Group of Companies has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If our Group of Companies is found liable for any loss or damage under these Terms, then, subject to the exceptions and limitations in these Terms and to the maximum extent permitted by law, our Group of Companies shall only be liable to you for direct damages that were:
reasonably foreseeable by both you and our Group of Companies,
actually suffered or incurred by you, and
directly attributable to the actions of our Group of Companies,
and in the event of any liability of our Group of Companies, such liability will in no event exceed, in total, the greater of (a) the cost paid by you for the Travel Services in question or (b) one-hundred dollars (US$100.00) or the equivalent in local currency.
This limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between you and us. The limitations specified in these Terms will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms inure to the benefit of our Group of Companies.
Every instance of force majeure, including the interruption of means of communication or a strike (by airlines, properties or air traffic controllers, as applicable), will lead to the suspension of the obligations in these Terms that are affected by the force majeure event. In such a case the party affected by the force majeure event will not be liable as a result of the inability to meet such obligations.
Indemnity
You agree to fully compensate our Group of Companies, its employees, and other people officially acting on its behalf, for any damages, losses, fines, costs or expenses (including reasonable legal and accounting fees), of any kind (“Losses”) that they incur or are liable for as a result of a claim being alleged or brought against them by a third party because of:
your breach of these Terms or the documents referenced in them,
your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party,
your use of our Service, or the Travel Services booked through our Service, and/or
any Content you provide or submit in connection with our Service,
but only to the extent that the Losses are not directly caused by the actions of our Group of Companies.
You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required if our Group of Companies is defending a claim.
We reserve the right to defend and take full control of any matter or claim that you are fully compensating our Group of Companies (and its employees, and other people officially acting on its behalf) in respect of, and you agree not to settle any matter or claim without our written consent.
We will promptly provide notice to you of any such claims.
Release
If you have a dispute with one or more Travel Providers (including any dispute regarding any booking, transaction or Content) or any third-party provider, or any third-party website that may be linked to or from or otherwise interact with our Service, you agree that you will not involve, hold liable, or make any claim against, (including for Losses or compensation), our Group of Companies, its employees, and other people officially acting on its behalf, in any way in respect of the dispute. This paragraph will not apply when the Travel Provider is one of our Group of Companies or to the extent that any such dispute is directly caused by our Group of Companies.
If you are a California resident, you waive California civil code section 1542, which says: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor”.
Section 9 Content
By submitting (or authorizing the submission of) Content to our Service, you grant our Group of Companies, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform any such Content in any media, now known or later devised, for any purpose.
You acknowledge and agree:
for any Content that you submit (or authorize others to submit) to our Service, that you have the legal right and authority to do so, and
to the extent that the Content you submit (or authorize to submit) to our Service contains trademarks or other protected names or marks, that you have the legal right and authority to use such names, or marks.
You also grant our Group of Companies the right to legally pursue any person or entity that violates any intellectual property rights in, or attributable to, your Content.
You also acknowledge and agree that:
our Group of Companies may choose to use the name that you submit with any Content to attribute your Content (for example, listing your first name and hometown on a review that you submit) at its reasonable discretion in a non-identifiable format. Such Content may also be shared with the Travel Providers.
any Content you submit, or authorize to submit, to our Service is non-confidential and non-proprietary
any Content you submit, or authorize to submit, to our Service is not misleading or deceptive or likely to deceive or mislead any person
by submitting communications or Content to us, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and us, other than pursuant to these Terms, and
you are fully responsible for your Content and all Content submitted by you must comply with our Content Guidelines.
If possible, in the event that you retain any rights of attribution, integrity or any other moral rights in any Content, you agree to waive your right to assert these or to require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content, or any derivative works thereof, and affirm that you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or exploitation of your Content by our Group of Companies or any of our licensees.
We may exercise our rights (for example: to use, publish, display, delete, etc.) to any Content without notice to you.
All Content is subject to the Content Guidelines. For more information, you can find the Content Guidelines here.
We claim no ownership or endorsement of, or affiliation with, any of your Content.
Section 10 Intellectual property policy and notices
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of our Service are ©2025 Hotels.com, L.P., an Expedia Group company. All rights reserved. Hotels.com and the Hotels.com logo are trademarks of Hotels.com, L.P. Other logos and product and company names mentioned on our Service or these Terms may be the trademarks of their respective owners. We are not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than us.
Our Service, and all content and information on our Service, is protected by copyright and other applicable intellectual property rights.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, reproduction of our Service, in whole or in part, including the copying of text, graphics or designs, is prohibited.
The Google® Translate tool may be made available through our Service to enable you to translate content, such as user-generated reviews. The Google® Translate tool uses an automated process to translate text and this may result in inaccuracies. Your use of the Google® Translate tool is entirely at your own risk. We do not make any promises, assurances or guarantees on the accuracy or completeness of the translations provided by Google® Translate.
Download info from our Service
You agree to abide by any and all copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in, or relating to, any content on our Service.
Copying, storing or otherwise accessing our Service or any content on our Service other than for your personal, non-commercial use (other than in accordance with a valid listing) is expressly prohibited without our prior written permission.
Our Service may contain links to websites operated by parties other than us. Such links are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their content or your use of them. Our inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
If you are aware of an infringement of our brand, please let us know by emailing us at TrademarkComplaints@expediagroup.com. We only address messages concerning brand infringement at this email address.
Intellectual property infringement policy and complaints
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and do not permit, condone or tolerate the posting of any Content on our Service that infringes any person’s intellectual property rights.
We reserve the rights to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, our relationship with anyone who is the source of repeated intellectual property infringement on our Service.
Our products and services, including apps, software, web services, and content containing images, texts and videos are owned by our Group of Companies or by third parties who have given us permission to use the items.
If you are aware of an infringement of intellectual property on our Service or believe your Content has been improperly posted or made available on our Service, please note the requirements and instructions for filing copyright and trademark complaints can be found at “Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints” located here.
Patent notices
One or more patents owned by us or our Group of Companies may apply to our Service and to the features and services accessible through our Service. Portions of our Service operate under license of one or more patents. Other patents pending.
Social media / third party websites
In this Section “Social Media” means websites and applications that enable travelers and Travel Providers to create and share content or to participate in social networking, including but not limited to websites and applications such as X (formerly Twitter), Meta, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat etc.
If our Service offers a service that allows us to access or use any profile or other information about you that you have provided to a Social Media site and you decide to use such tool or service, you acknowledge and agree that:
the information or content that is a part of your Social Media site profile, which you have designated as “public” (or a similar designation) (with such information or content and referred to herein as “Social Media Content”), may be accessed and used by us in connection with our Service
the Social Media Content will be considered Content under these Terms and both you and we shall have the same rights and responsibilities as you that we have with respect to your Content under these Terms
in the event that the Social Media Content was for any reason misclassified with a public or similar designation or is otherwise inaccurate or to which you do not agree with for any reason, you agree to work with the Social Media site to make any changes or resolve any disputes and acknowledge that we will not be able to provide you with recourse, and
the operation of your profile and account with and on the Social Media site shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions and privacy policy of such Social Media site.
Reporting brand fraud and scam activities
We work had to stay ahead of scammers and protect the travel experience. Here are some things our customer service team will never do:
Request a gift card in exchange for services.
Call or send an email asking for account passwords.
Request other personal information unrelated to a previous service issue.
Request wire transfers or payment information through text message.
If you encounter any of the above when talking to someone purporting to be our representative, please end the conversation and report to us as soon as possible by contacting our Brand Fraud Prevention and Action Team at the following email address: brandfraudreport@expediagroup.com.
For more tips and information on identifying and reporting fraud and scam activities, please see here.
Section 11 Software available on our Service
Software
Any software made available to download from our Service or a mobile app store ("Software"), is the copyrighted work of our Group of Companies or our suppliers, or is licensed for public distribution. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement (if any) which accompanies the Software ("License Agreement"). You must first agree to the License Agreement to install, download or use any Software.
For any Software not accompanied by a License Agreement, we grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sub-licensable license to download, install and use the Software for using our Service in line with these Terms and for no other purpose. The Software is provided to you free of any fees or charges.
All Software (such as all HTML code and Active X controls, etc.) contained on our Service, is owned by our Group of Companies, or our suppliers, or is licensed for public distribution. All Software is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Anyone who violates this may be prosecuted.
Without limiting the above, copying or reproduction of the Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. The Software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the License Agreement.
Map terms
Your use of mapping available on our Service is governed by the Google Terms of Use, Google Acceptable Use Policy, Google Legal Notices and Google Privacy Statement and the Microsoft Terms of Use and Microsoft Privacy Statement. Google and Microsoft reserve the right to change their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole discretion, in accordance with their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements (as applicable).
OpenStreetMap geo data used in mapping is © OpenStreetMap contributors and available under theOpen Database License (ODbL).
Section 12 Artificial intelligence
Scope of AI usage
Some features and tools on our Service utilize artificial intelligence (“AI”), including generative AI. We may partner with or use technology provided by third-party service providers or use third-party large language models in developing and providing these features and tools. We process data you may input and any generated data for purposes of providing you with our Service, for product improvement purposes, for quality and troubleshooting purposes, and other purposes in accordance with these Terms and our Privacy Statement.
User notification and transparency
To ensure transparency, any content generated by AI will be clearly marked with a badge indicating its AI origin. This allows users to easily identify AI-generated content within our Service.
Data handling and privacy
For more information about how we may process your personal information when utilizing AI and how you can exercise your rights, please review our Privacy Statement.
Intellectual property rights
All AI-generated content, including but not limited to itineraries, recommendations, photos, and videos, is owned by us. Users are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the AI-generated content for personal, non-commercial purposes only. Any unauthorized use, reproduction, or distribution of AI-generated content is strictly prohibited and may result in legal action.
Limitations and disclaimers
While we strive to provide accurate and useful information, AI-generated content is based on algorithms and may not always reflect the most current information or consider all variables. All information and content generated by such AI tools are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis.
We make no representations of any kind as to the relevancy, accuracy, or completeness and are not responsible for damages or losses arising from your use of or reliance on such content. By using our Service, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on the AI-generated content is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by law and subject to the exceptions and limitations in these Terms, we disclaim all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of our AI services.
Updates and changes
We reserve the right to update or modify AI-generated content at any time.
Section 13 Your privacy and personal information
We are committed to the privacy, confidentiality, and security of personal information entrusted to us. We will collect and process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
For more information about how we process your personal information and how you can exercise your rights, please review our Privacy Statement.
You agree that you will protect third parties’ personal information with the same degree of care that you protect your own confidential information (using, at minimum, a reasonable standard of care) and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume all liability for the misuse, loss or unauthorized transfer of such information.
Section 14 Rewards program
We have a free loyalty program available to our travelers. For more information on our program and its benefits, please see our One Key terms and conditions. These are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
You will automatically become a loyalty member when:
you create an account with us, or
(if you already have an account with us and are not already a loyalty member) you sign in to your account.
Section 15 Disputes and arbitration
Disputes and arbitration
Please read this Section carefully. It requires that any and all claims be resolved by binding arbitration or in small claims court, and it prevents you from pursuing a class action or similar proceeding in any forum. Arbitration is required if your country of residence enforces arbitration agreements, including without limitation, the United States. If you are outside the United States but attempt to bring a claim in the United States, arbitration is required for determination of the threshold issue of whether this dispute resolution section applies to you, as well as all other threshold determinations, including residency, arbitrability, venue, and applicable law. If your country of residence does not enforce arbitration agreements, the mandatory pre-arbitration dispute resolution and notification and prohibition on class actions or representative proceedings provided below still apply to the extent enforceable by law.
We are committed to traveler satisfaction and to resolving consumer disputes in a timely and efficient manner. We have a two-step dispute resolution process that includes: (1) investigation and negotiation of your claim with our Traveler Support team; and, if necessary, (2) binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) or, for arbitrations outside of the United States, an agreed upon arbitral tribunal. You and us each retain the right to seek relief in small claims court as an alternative to arbitration.
Agreement to arbitrate (“Arbitration Agreement”)
You and we mutually agree that any disputes between us arising out of or relating in any way to our Service, these Terms, our Privacy Statement, any services or products provided by us or any of our subsidiaries, Travel Providers, or companies offering products or services through us, any dealings with our Traveler Support agents, or any representations made by us (“Claims”), will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court except those resolved in small claims court. This includes any Claims you assert against us, our subsidiaries, Travel Providers, or any companies offering products or services through us (which are beneficiaries of this Arbitration Agreement). This Arbitration Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall include any claims brought by or against, any third parties, including but not limited to your spouses, heirs, third-party beneficiaries, and assigns, where their underlying claims are in relation to your use of the Travel Services. To the extent that any third-party beneficiary to these Terms brings claims against the entities covered by these Terms; those claims shall also be subject to this Arbitration Agreement. The arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including without limitation the existence, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement, any defense to arbitration such as issues relating to whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced, is unconscionable or illusory, and any defenses to arbitration, including without limitation jurisdiction, waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel.
Small claims court matters
Notwithstanding the foregoing arbitration provisions, either you or we may bring, or remove, any claim in small claims court if the claim is within such court’s jurisdictional limit; provided that such court does not have the authority to entertain any claims on a class or representative basis, or to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated in such proceeding. Further, if the claims asserted in any demand for arbitration is within the small claims court’s jurisdictional limit, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, or in accord with the AAA rules, by notifying the other party of that election in writing.
No class actions or representative proceedings
You and we agree that any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action, including without limitation as a private attorney general. The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s Claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. You and we further acknowledge that you are each waiving your right to a jury trial.
Arbitration rules and governing law
This Arbitration Agreement is a “written agreement to arbitrate” evidencing a transaction in interstate commerce. The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs all substantive and procedural interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified here. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org. The arbitrator shall apply the law of the state of Washington, regardless of conflict of laws principles, except for claims arising in the state of California in which event, the arbitrator shall apply the law of California. The FAA governs all provisions relating to arbitration. Foreign laws do not apply. This Arbitration Agreement can only be amended by mutual agreement in writing.
Mandatory pre-arbitration dispute resolution and notification
Prior to initiating arbitration, you agree to give us the opportunity to resolve any Claims by notifying us of the Claim in writing and attempting in good faith to negotiate an informal resolution.
You must send, by certified mail, a written and signed Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) addressed to: Legal Department/Dispute Resolution Provision, Expedia, Inc., 1111 Expedia Group Way West, Seattle, WA, 98119
The Notice must contain the following information: (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) the email address you used to make your reservation, (4) a brief description of the nature of your complaint, (5) the resolution that you are seeking, and (6) your signature.
If we are not able to resolve your complaint within 60 days of you providing Notice, you may commence an arbitration proceeding. Engaging in this pre-arbitration dispute resolution and notification process is a requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. AAA does not have authority to administer or adjudicate the Claim unless and until all Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification requirements have been met. The statute of limitations shall be tolled while the parties engage in the dispute resolution process required by this Section.
Commencing arbitration
To initiate arbitration, you must file the Demand with the AAA as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration - Consumer Arbitration Rules at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
A party initiating an arbitration against us must send the written Demand for Arbitration to Legal Department/Dispute Resolution Provision, Expedia, Inc., 1111 Expedia Group Way West, Seattle, WA, 98119 concurrent with filing the Demand with AAA
Arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the AAA Rules or by mutual agreement between you and us. The Arbitration shall be held either: (i) at a location determined by AAA pursuant to the AAA Rules (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you and does not require travel in excess of 100 miles from your home or place of business); or (ii) at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by you and us; or (iii) via videoconference; or (iv) at your election, if the only claims in the arbitration are asserted by you and are for less than $40,000 in aggregate, by telephone or by written submission.
Attorneys’ fees and costs
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. In order to initiate arbitration, each party will be responsible for paying the filing fees required by the AAA, which are approximately equivalent to current court filing fees. In the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, or you would otherwise be eligible for a fee waiver in court, we will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or asserted in bad faith. Either party may make a request that the arbitrator award attorneys’ fees and costs upon proving that the other party has asserted a claim, cross-claim, or defense that is groundless in fact or law, brought in bad faith or for the purpose of harassment, or is otherwise frivolous, as allowed by applicable law and the AAA Rules.
Arbitrator’s decision
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited under the FAA. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions on which the arbitrator bases the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction. The arbitrator may award any relief allowed by law or the AAA Rules, but declaratory or injunctive relief may be awarded only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.
Severability and survival
If any portion of this Disputes and Arbitration Provision is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (1) such portion will be severed and the remainder of the Provision will be given full force and effect; and (2) to the extent that any Claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such Claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual Claims in arbitration.
Traveler support and the handling of complaints
We are here to help you with any queries or complaints you have in relation to your booking.
For answers to commonly asked questions, or to contact us via our chat function, visit our Support page here. Or you can write to us at:
Attn: Traveler Support
Expedia, Inc.
1111 Expedia Group Way W.
Seattle, WA 98119
Section 16 General
Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Insurance
Unless otherwise stated, prices displayed do not include travel insurance. You are advised to take out insurance that covers the consequences of certain cases of cancellation and certain risks (such as the cost of repatriation in the event of an accident or illness). You are responsible for ensuring that any insurance policy taken out adequately covers your requirements. You may be shown certain travel insurance products. If so, details of the insurance provider, relevant key information and terms and conditions will be shown on our Service.
Failure to invoke
Our failure or delay to enforce any provision of these Terms does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) of these Terms in the future.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision (or part provision) of these Terms is found by a court or other authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision (or part provision) shall, if required, be deemed not to form part of these Terms with you. In such a case, the validity and enforceability of the other provisions shall not be affected.
Entire agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to our Service. They supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications (whether electronic, oral, or written) between you and us about our Service.
Assignment
We may, and you may not, assign, subcontract or delegate rights, duties or obligations under these Terms. However, we will not do so in such a way as to reduce any rights or guarantees you have under these Terms.
Third-party rights
Save as expressly stated in these Terms we do not intend any part of these Terms to be enforceable by any person who is not a party to these Terms. No third-party's consent shall be required for the waiver, variation or termination of any part of these Terms. These Terms do not give rise to any rights under any applicable laws or regulations in relation to rights of third parties to enforce any part of these Terms.
Survival of obligations
Any provision of these Terms, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of these Terms, shall survive such expiration or termination.
Section 17 Registrations
Travel registrations
Seller of Travel: Expedia, Inc. is a registered seller of travel in each of the US states listed below
• California registration number: 2029030-50
• Florida registration number: ST31901
• Hawaii registration number: TAR-5461
• Washington registration number: 601975803
Registration as a seller of travel in California does not constitute the State’s approval.
New York State tax registration
New York sales taxes and New York City occupancy taxes, where applicable, are due on your property stay. For Pay Now stay bookings, Travelscape, LLC’s New York sales tax vendor registration number is 880392667 and its New York City hotel occupancy tax registration number is 033960.
Please click below for additional information:
New York State Certificate
New York City Certificate
Expedia Group trademark logo
Top destinations
Hotels in United States of America
Hotels in Mexico
Hotels in Canada
Hotels in Italy
Hotels in United Kingdom
Hotels in France
Hotels in Spain
Hotels in Japan
Hotels in Puerto Rico
Hotels in Greece
Support & FAQs
Your bookings
FAQs
Contact us
Review a property
For Suppliers, Affiliates and the Media
Affiliate with us
Expedia Partner Solutions
Newsroom
Promote with Us
Travel Agents
Policies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
One Key™ terms and conditions
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
Content guidelines and reporting content
Other information
About Us
Careers
Hotels near me
Travel Guides
Vacation rentals
One Key credit cards
* Some hotels require you to cancel more than 24 hours before check-in. Details on site.
**OneKeyCash is not redeemable for cash and can only be used on Hotels.com, Expedia and Vrbo.
© 2025 Hotels.com, LP., an Expedia Group company. All rights reserved.
Hotels.com and the Hotels.com Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hotels.com, LP. CST# 2029030-50.
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technology. As disclosed in our Privacy Statement, we and our partners may collect personal information and other data. By continuing to use our website, you accept our Privacy Statement and Terms of Service.

