Privacy Policy
State Privacy Law Disclosure & Notice at Collection
This U.S. State Privacy Law Disclosure & Notice at Collection applies only if you are a resident of a U.S. state governed by a state-level privacy law. This page also serves as our California Notice at Collection.

Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details on how we train the models that support our products and services including those using generative artificial intelligence, how long we keep your information, and changes to our international data transfer mechanisms. If you are outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, we’ve outlined how we may share data with partners to allow advertisers to reach you on other websites and apps.

Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.

We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.


Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.

For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Waterloo Exchange, 3rd Floor, Waterloo Road, Dublin 4, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our Data Protection Officer.

We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other products, like Shuffles, or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.

Account Information: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:

Device information: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can learn more about the log data we collect here.
Information from cookies and similar technologies: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our Cookie Policy.
Usage data and inferences: When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:

Third party platforms: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you connect your third-party accounts to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners: Online advertisers or third parties provide information to us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services. Learn more about the Pinterest Tag and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your Privacy and Data Settings.

How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:

Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related ads or content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our Terms of Service.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to stop getting other notifications by updating your settings.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:

Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam, enforce our Terms and policies, or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct age verification, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop and improve our technology such as our machine learning models, regardless of when Pins were posted. This includes, for example, Pinterest’s body type technology, which is trained on images in Pins posted to our Services. Pinterest also has features that are supported by generative artificial intelligence technology. Learn more here.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see

Specifically, we use the information we collect to:

Decide which ads to show you directly on Pinterest, and, depending on where you live, enabling Pinterest directly or through partners to show you ads both on and off Pinterest. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. Depending on your age, location and privacy settings, we customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. We also offer features supported by generative artificial intelligence to enable our advertisers to add limited content to their ads. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you. Learn more about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. We disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to measure or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please visit the Help Center.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your Privacy and Data Settings.

When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.

Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.


We use info based on legitimate interests

We use info to comply with our legal obligations

We use info where you give us consent
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.

Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, U.S.), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your account settings and, if you still need help, our Help Center.

Access: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this through our Help Center.
Correction/rectification: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the U.S. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.


Additional rights in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
For any of the privacy rights and choices referenced, you can also submit a request to our DPO regarding the use and disclosure of your information.

We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using privacy-support@pinterest.com.

You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can: Edit information in your profile, Link or unlink your Pinterest account from other services (like Facebook or Google), Edit secret board settings, and Close your account at any time. We also support settings such as tracking settings on iOS and Android devices.

You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:

The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.

How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:

With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to link your Pinterest account to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, and your privacy settings, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, enabling partners to show you ads both on and off Pinterest, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share information related to that action with advertising partners. We may also provide partners with information about you so that advertisers can show you ads on or off of Pinterest. Learn more about how we support third-party advertising and the settings you have to manage it here.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.


Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.


Additional information if you live in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the Help Center for more information.

How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.

Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the Help Center. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.

You can also contact our Data Protection Officer.

Effective date: April 30, 2025